Create ui-c8y-1023-61-7-support-for-copy-paste-of-dashboards-with-current-scada-widgets-11448.md (#4428)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/application-enablement/ui-c8y-1023-61-7-support-for-copy-paste-of-dashboards-with-current-scada-widgets-11448.md

---
date: ""

> title: Support copy and paste of dashboards with SCADA widgets

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Support for copying and pasting dashboards with SCADA widgets
```

product_area: Application enablement & solutions
change_type:
  - value: change-VSkj2iV9m
    label: Fix
component:
  - value: component-YdSEScrEC
    label: Cockpit
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: MTM-65804
version: 1023.61.7
---

> Previously, when you copied and pasted a dashboard that contained SCADA widgets, these widgets kept displaying data from the original device. Now, you can copy and paste dashboards that include SCADA widgets, and the widgets will display data from the new context device. This improvement allows you to more easily duplicate complex dashboards with SCADA widgets without having to manually reconfigure them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Previously, when you copied and pasted a dashboard containing SCADA widgets, those widgets continued to display data from the original device. Now, when you copy and paste dashboards that include SCADA widgets, the widgets will display data from the new context device. This improvement allows you to more easily duplicate complex dashboards with SCADA widgets without having to manually reconfigure them.
```

---
date: ""

> title: Support for copy/paste of dashboards with current SCADA widgets (#11448) [GRAFT][release/cd] (#11527)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
title: Support copy and paste of dashboards with SCADA widgets
```

product_area: Application enablement & solutions
change_type:
  - value: change-VSkj2iV9m
    label: Fix
component:
  - value: component-YdSEScrEC
    label: Cockpit
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: MTM-65804
version: 1023.61.7
---
# Backport

This will backport the following commits from `develop` to `release/cd`:
- [fix(Cockpit): [MTM-65804] Support for copy/paste of dashboards with
current SCADA widgets
(#11448)](https://github.com/Cumulocity-IoT/cumulocity-ui/pull/11448)

<!--- Backport version: 9.5.1 -->

### Questions ?
Please refer to the [Backport tool
documentation](https://github.com/sorenlouv/backport)

[MTM-65804]:
https://cumulocity.atlassian.net/browse/MTM-65804?atlOrigin=eyJpIjoiNWRkNTljNzYxNjVmNDY3MDlhMDU5Y2ZhYzA5YTRkZjUiLCJwIjoiZ2l0aHViLWNvbS1KU1cifQ

> Co-authored-by: Paweł Rynarzewski <92171763+pawel-rynarzewski-c8y@users.noreply.github.com>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Previously, when you copied and pasted a dashboard that contained SCADA widgets, these widgets kept displaying data from the original device. Now, you can copy and paste dashboards that include SCADA widgets, and the widgets will display data from the new context device. This improvement allows you to more easily duplicate complex dashboards with SCADA widgets without having to manually reconfigure them.
```
